Add `Get Node List in the Cluster` API (#13015)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-cluster.md

In the `application.yml` file, there are default configurations for the aforementioned coordinators under the
section `cluster`. You can specify any of them in the `selector` property to enable it.

___
**NOTICE**,
Before you set up the cluster, please read the [Query Cluster Nodes](../../status/query_cluster_nodes.md) API to understand how to 
verify the cluster node list. If the nodes don't match the expectation, the cluster is not working properly, there could 

> be many feature impacts, e.g. the metrics could be in accurate and the alarms could not be triggered correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be many feature impacts, e.g. the metrics could be inaccurate and the alarms could not be triggered correctly.
```
